---
title: Team
status: public
type: diary
date: 2014-05-12
---

The PM director in Philadelphia, B---, is leading the project. He has assigned
a DM, R---, to work with me on it. Very likely, other PMs and DMs in other
offices will be involved as we move forward. Personally I would like this to
happen sooner than later, because I currently have a very Philadelphia-centric
view of what's needed.

I have met with both R--- and B--- separately. They both are glad to replace
their current process, although they have slightly different needs from the
system. R--- sees more of the daily inefficiencies, whereas B--- has a big
headache combining the data every month from disparate sources (typing it
in to Excel). I walked through the Philadelphia process with R--- and she
showed me how they use the Outlook Task Pad as well as the Google Group.

I hope to meet with a PM soon (this week or next). I did speak with a
PM informally today, Y---, who has been bugging me for years in fact to
develop a replacement system. He is more of a "power user", in some ways not
representative of the typical user of the system, but he has quite a heavy
workload in terms of data sends and would be a key reviewer of prototype UIs.

I have yet to speak with individual SAs and the SA director about it (who is
my boss as well - although he knows about it because I am involved). It is
not "their" system, but I see no reason to treat their part of the process
as something separate, i.e. communicating via email/Google Group. With a
UI designed with both departments' needs in mind, that workaround can be
eliminated.

I am also considering a survey or surveys to determine better the range of
"usage patterns" in their current tools. I am hoping that R--- will be able
to draft this with me.

